At 09.40 o'clock she said,
The southern faces of the
요whele waterways
at a northern place
of the K我們a port
passed through the ground
after the
chamber bud is
Ve for
a three- получается
near Ministry of Defense
optimized
for the hypers夠 to thank these ones
to
take the據
Pleasure tris
and we have made a great contribution to the enemy.
Our troops, which were on the other side of the Dohore Valley,
will be attacking the enemy front of the Dohore waterfront on the night of the 9th.
We will attack the enemy base near the Mandai Mountain and will be attacking this.
Our air force has been very closely and effectively involved in the attack of the main force,
and the troops that led the Ukiitema Mountain will be attacking the enemy.
The part of the speedy force will be entering Singapore at 8 o'clock on February 11.
The enemy that led the Ukiitema Mountain will be attacking the main force in the Kofuku area.
The enemy will be attacking the enemy base near the Dohore waterfront.
Our troops will be attacking the enemy base near the Dohore waterfront.
Our forces, the Kofuku, the Oya-Bi, the Foo-Hei, and the Chuh-Hoo-Hei,
have been working tirelessly to attack the enemy base at 7 o'clock and attack the enemy base at 7 o'clock and attack the enemy base at 7 o'clock.
Singapore is a completely unparalleled country.